Xiao Fan, don't be complacent
When your backer falls
You can't even be a small security guard
Sun Shao won't let you go easily
I said Sun Zhifei is a fart, right?
Mr. Sun and Mr. Sun are here, Mr. Sun
Zhang Yue's niece
Why don't you look good?
Tell me about it.
Of course, I was angry with Uncle Sun.
Hahaha the law of the jungle
Zhang Yue's niece is so smart
You should understand that.
Haha, but don't worry.
I believe in guarantees
I will put my white cloud eggs in the future
It's getting better and better.
you
Today's shareholders' meeting
You will never succeed
Impossible hahaha
Oh, dear.
Your little security guard is quite interesting, hahaha.
But the funnier the person
In the end, the worse the death
Hahaha
Sister Yue, what's the matter, don't worry.
They will never succeed with me
And it's going to end badly.